1) Playwright Test is based on the concept of test fixtures. 
Test fixtures are used to establish environment for each test, giving the test everything 
it needs and nothing else. 
Test fixtures are isolated between tests.

2) Test Fixtures or Test Context - everthing a test needs
Test fixture refers to the 'fixed state' used as a baseline for running tests in software testing. 
The purpose of a test fixture is to ensure that there is a well known and fixed environment in which tests are run so that results are repeatable. 
Some people call this the TEST CONTEXT. (similar to JavaScript's execution context)

Examples of fixtures:

Loading a database with a specific, known set of data
Erasing a hard disk and installing a known clean operating system installation
Copying a specific known set of files
Preparation of input data and set-up/creation of fake or mock objects...


3) Before and After hooks:
Execute an action before and after each step or test. There are times when it's necessary to 
run a specific action before or after each step or test. 

Hooks: are functionalities provided by software for users of that software to have their own code 
called under certain circumstances.

4) Test hooks
General definition: A hook is a means of executing custom code (function) either before, after, or instead of existing code. 
For example, a function may be written to "hook" into the login process in order to execute a Captcha function 
before continuing on to the normal login process.
In relation to playwright, you can use various test hooks such as test.describe to declare a group of tests and test.beforeEach 
and test.afterEach which are executed before/after each test. Other hooks include the test.beforeAll 
and test.afterAll which are executed once per worker before/after all tests.

test.afterAll(async () => {
  console.log('Done with tests');
  // ...
});
Declares an afterAll hook that is executed once per worker after all tests.

Worker: A worker is an object created using a constructor (e.g. Worker()) that runs a named JavaScript file — this file contains the code that will run in the worker thread:
workers run in another global context that is different from the current window.